.TH "IRIS-SERVER-CTL" 8 "2013-04-03" "Iris SMTP/LMTP/POP3/IMAP4 server" "Iris SMTP/LMTP/POP3/IMAP4 server"

.SH NAME
iris\-server\-ctl \- Iris SMTP/LMTP/POP3/IMAP4 server contol interface
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBiris-server-ctl\fR \fIcommand\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
iris\-server\-ctl is a front end to the Iris SMTP/LMTP/POP3/IMAP4 server. It is useful tool for system administrators and helps control of functioning of iris\-server daemon\&.
.SH "OPTIONS"
The \fIcommand\fP can be any one or more of the following options:
.TP
.BI start
Start the iris\-server daemon. Gives an error if it is already running.
.TP
.BI stop
Stops the iris\-server daemon by sending \fITERM\fP signal. This may take up to several minutes depending of number of connected clients.
.TP
.BI restart
Combination of start and stop. If the daemon is not running, it is started. Before stopping iris\-server configuration will be check. Gives an error if configuration is broken.
.TP
.BI configtest
Tests configuration of iris\-server. Gives an error if configuration is broken.
On success prints \fBSyntax Ok\fP.
.TP
.BI logreopen
Re-open server logs by sending \fIUSR1\fP signal.
.TP
.BI destroy
Stops the iris\-server daemon by sending \fIINT\fP signal. This is potentially harmful option and should not be used usually.
.TP
.BI help
Displays a short help message.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Communico, LLC.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report ls bugs to iris\-bugs@communico.pro
.br
Iris home page: <http://www.communico.pro/iris/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Iris Dev. team. All rights reserved.
.br
License: see <http://www.communico.pro/license/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR iris\-config\-parser (8),
.BR iris\-config\-test (8),
.BR iris\-server (8),
.BR /usr/share/doc/iris-0.0-core/README.Debian.gz
.