.TH "IRIS-SERVER" 8 "2013-04-03" "Iris TCP server" "Iris TCP server"

.SH NAME
iris\-server \- Iris TCP server
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
\fBiris\-server\fR [ \-\fBf\fR \fIconfig\fR ] [ \-\fBh\fR ] [ \-\fBv\fR ] [ \-\fBV\fR ] [ \-\fBd\fR ] [ \-\fBF\fR ]
.SH "SUMMARY"
.PP
iris\-server is an highperformance TCP framework solution with SSL/TLS support\&. It is designed to be run as a standalone daemon process\&. When used like this it will create several pools of threads to handle requests\&.
.PP
In general, iris\-server should not be invoked directly, but rather should be
invoked via /etc/init.d/iris\-server or iris\-server\-ctl\&. The default Debian
configuration requires environment variables that are defined in
/etc/iris\-server/envvars and are not available if iris\-server is started directly.
.SH "DOCUMENTATION"
.PP
The full documentation is available in the iris\-doc package or at
<http://www.communico.pro/iris/0.1/>. Information about Debian specific changes
and configuration can be found in
/usr/share/doc/iris\-0.1\-core/README.Debian.gz .
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fIconfig\fR
Use specified configuration file on startup\&. If not set, Iris will use \fIIRIS_CONFIG_FILE\fR environment variable to search config file. The default is /etc/iris\-server/iris\-server\&.conf\&.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Output a short summary of available command line options\&.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Print the version of iris-server, and then exit\&.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR
Print the version and build parameters of iris\-server, and then exit\&.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
Run iris\-server in debug mode\&.
.TP
\fB\-F\fR
Don't detach from console when running\&.
.SH SIGNALS
The signals listed below may be sent with kill (1) to iris\-server process.
.TP
\fBINT\fR
iris\-server will exit immediately without committing transactions and closing files. This is potentially harmful and may corrupt data files.
.TP
\fBTERM\fR
iris\-server will shut down all listeners, ensure that all transactions are committed and all files are closed and then exit.
.TP
\fBPIPE\fR
Ignore it.
.TP
\fBHUP\fR
Switch log level in runtime from current level to DEBUG and back.
.TP
\fBUSR1\fR, \fBUSR2\fR
iris\-server will reopen all log files. This is useful for log rotation.
.SH "EXIT CODES"
.TP
EX_OK
if OK,
.TP
EX_USAGE
if iris\-server was started the wrong number of arguments, a bad flag, a bad syntax in a parameter, or whatever.
.TP
EX_SOFTWARE
if an internal software error has been detected.
.TP
EX_CONFIG
if configuration file is broken or contains incorrect parameters
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fBIRIS_CONFIG_FILE\fR
Configuration file for iris. Overrides command\-line arument.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Communico, LLC.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report all bugs to iris\-bugs@communico.pro
.br
Iris home page: <http://www.communico.pro/iris/>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013-2014 Iris Dev. team. All rights reserved.
.br
License: see <http://www.communico.pro/license/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR iris\-config\-parser (8),
.BR iris\-config\-test (8),
.BR iris\-server\-ctl (8),
.BR /usr/share/doc/iris\-0.1\-core/README.Debian.gz,
.BR kill (1),
.BR /usr/include/sysexits.h
.
